just shut up you gusting pill-popping
sexual deviants come I want to do this
monologue and then go into hiding okay
not even Sean Penn will find me
snake
hello and welcome to the 73rd annual
Golden Globe Awards live from the
Beverly Hilton Hotel with all these rich
beautiful celebrities having the time of
their lives let's hope no one spoils
that yeah relax I'm gonna try and be
nice your global mega stars with amazing
talent most of you a few of you just
married well you know who you are we all
do we all do we're live on NBC and it's
right the NBC hosts this award show
because they're the only network who are
truly fair and impartial and that's
because they're the only network with
zero nominations so nothing in it forum
tonight they don't care who they don't
care obviously but as I say I'm gonna be
nice tonight I've changed not as much as
Bruce Jenner obviously now Caitlyn
Jenner
of course what a year she's had she
became a role model for trans people
everywhere showing great bravery in
breaking down barriers in destroying
stereotypes she didn't do a lot for
women drivers
you can't have everything can you not at
the same time anyway so I am gonna be
nice tonight and I'll tell you why
the president of the Hollywood Foreign
Press just told me if I say anything
offensive or crass or resort to innuendo
he is gonna come out here and personally
pull me off so that's an offer I
couldn't refuse
yes yes that is the level an old man
pulling me off
again at least jeffrey tambor didn't
address what a year he's had oh what an
actor what a role no it's every day he
has to put on all that women's clothes
and the hair and makeup and let people
film it that takes balls so I don't know
how he does it I really don't I've seen
his balls they're huge and long I though
if he tucked him in the bra does that
thing when you push him out the back and
let him hang out like a bulldog no one
knows I love Jeffrey Tambor I don't know
if that's because he's such a great
actor or because he reminds me of my nan
one Hollywood publication said that me
hosting would mean that some film stars
would stay away for fear of being made
fun of as if film stars a stay away from
the chance of winning a golden glow'
particularly fair film company has
already paid for it
so what's happened this last year in
this crazy business we called show the
excellent spotlight has been nominated
yeah
the the Catholic Church are furious
about the film as it exposes the fact
that 5% of all their priests have
repeatedly molested children and been
allowed to continue to work without
punishment
Roman Polanski called it the best date
movie ever
Jennifer Lawrence made the news when she
demanded equal pay for women in
Hollywood and she received yeah
overwhelming support from people
everywhere there were marches on the
street with nurses and factory workers
saying how the how can a 25 year old
live on 52 million this is but there
were plumbers around the world poor girl
in Soho luckily now so but joking aside
of course women should be that paid the
same as men for doing the same job and
I'd like to say now that I'm getting
paid exactly the same as Tina and Amy
did last year
opposed me now I know there was two of
them but it's not my fault if they want
to share the money is it that's their
stupid Bowl it's funny because it's true
the Hollywood Foreign Press deemed the
Martian a comedy and even nominated it
and hence Matt Damon is here tonight so
that worked a treat
to be fair the Martian was a lot funnier
than pixels but then again so was
Schindler's List
it's just a film
all female remakes are the big thing
there's a female remake of ghostbusters
there's going to be a female remake of
Ocean's eleven and this is brilliant for
the studios because they get guaranteed
box office results and they don't have
to spend too much money on the cast so
shut up I don't care
listen if you do win tonight remember
that no one cares about that award as
much as you do okay don't get emotional
it's embarrassing okay
that award is no offense worthless it's
a bit of metal that some nice old
confused journalists wanted to give you
in person so they could meet you and
have a selfie with you okay that's all
it is
I've got three I've got three golden
roads myself so I can set ones a
doorstop when I used to hit burglars
with and when I keep by the bed -
doesn't matter why it's mine it's mine
it's mine I won it fair and square
it's just the right shape and size it's
nothing
yeah so to be clear that was a joke
about me shoving golden globes that I've
won up my ass
and they asked me the host
four times let's do the show shall we on
a serious note the Golden Globes are
about excellence to win one you have to
do something amazing neither of our
first two presenters have won a Golden
Globe I don't know what they're doing
here really I don't choose the guest
please welcome the fantastic Channing
Tatum and Jonah Hill welcome back the
Golden Globes doesn't have an in
memoriam section to get you all
depressed
instead we let the president of the
Hollywood Foreign Press say a few words
please welcome
Lorenzo Soria is the star of the
hilarious comedy the Martian
oh I nearly died right he's also the
only person who Ben Affleck hasn't been
unfaithful to please welcome
Matt Damon welcome back joy and
trainwreck no not the names of Charlie
Sheen's two favorite hookers the films
of our next two presenters their best
friends by the way they wanted me to
tell you that and if you forget they
said they they tweet you and remark
basically that they're come round and
shout it through their best spread it's
like they've never had a friend before
please welcome Amy Schumer and Jennifer
Lawrence
oh this show is way too long in it it's
way too new this could be half an hour
this one was in the writers strike when
they just read the winners and just
okay let's go through it right
unbelievable some people still think
this award means something the winners
just listen to me listen it doesn't just
write when Brad and Angelina see our
next two adorable little presenters
they're gonna want to adopt them please
welcome Kevin Hart and Ken Jeong okay
right listen this is Josh
just shut up really seriously right a
few years ago on this show I made a joke
about Mel Gibson getting a bit drunk and
saying a few unsavory things we've all
done it
I wasn't judging him but now I find
myself in the awkward position of having
to introduce him again
listen I'm sure it's embarrassing for
both of us okay and I blame NBC for this
terrible situation now blames we know
Mel burns
listen I still feel a bit bad for it
right
Mel's forgotten all about it apparently
that's what drinking does no I want to
say something nice about Mao before he
comes out so oh yeah okay here go I'd
rather have a drink with him in his
hotel room tonight than with Bill Cosby
Li's Malcolm now Gibson you've filled
all of it welcome back to the Golden
Globes our next presenter is an actress
who is both beautiful and talented born
in England she came to America and has
taken Hollywood by storm the star of the
nominated movie the Danish girl please
it's a dude Eddie Redmayne
Tom thank you I'm afraid that's it we're
out of time for myself and now Gibson
Shalom